# **Python Programs**
With a new start to new language, I'm side by side adding my python programs to Github repository so that other contributers can take help and ideas from my modules.

### List of **Codes** (with their description):
1. 1st_Program.py : First ever program to get a input from user, and then display a welcome message by using the entered name.
2. Calculator.py : A very basic calculator program to add, subtract, multiply, divide and modulo of two numbers via simple use of arithmetic operators.
3. Looping.py : Understanding the loops in python like 'for' loop and 'while' loop. 
4. Type_Variable.py : There are variables of different data types. To check the type of variable at any point of time, type() function is used in python.  
5. Discount.py : Understanding the If-Else condition in python by using a simple program of calculating discounts and final prices for different ranges of bill amount.
6. Avg_Marks.py : Similar to having arrays in various languages (like C, C++, etc.), Python has 'Collections'. List is one of the type of collection which is ordered and changeable. Hereby, understanding concept of lists via an example of calculating average marks and percentage out of the marks.
7. Tables.py : In order to display data in a tabular form, plotly library is used. Install this library by using  "pip install plotly" command in cmd, and import in the program as "import plotly.graph_objects as go". Using this library gives output (i.e. table or graph) as an html web page.
8. Excel_Read.py : Reading data from excel sheet using openpyxl library. Install the library by using "pip install openpyxl" command in cmd. Make sure the path provided for a excel sheet should be correct.
9. Tables_PrettyTable.py : prettytable is also a python library used for creating of tables. Providing an easy way of creating table and display output directly on console. install the library by using "pip install PTable" command in cmd.
10. ReportCard.py : This program is an enhancement over Avg_Marks.py. After inputs from user, program outputs a Tabular Report Card based on user inputs and uses prettytable library for tabular representation.
11. Roll_Dice.py : A Program that using the concept of while loop and random library in python to give a random number in the provided range and serves as a game via which user can roll a dice or multiple dices virtually.
12. guess_number.py : Another example using random library of python. A game where you provide a range of integers and after a given random number by system, user has to guess the next number. If the guessed number by the user and the next random number are equal or both are greater than or lesser than previous random number, then user wins.  
13. function.py : Understanding the use of functions in python
14. hangman.py : A word guessing game. Program consists a lists of few predefined words. When the user runs the program, out of these words one random word is selected. The user is then presented with '_' such nderscores which are equal to the lenght of the word and user is asked to guess this random word. User gets 10 chances to guess the word. For each wrong guess of an alphabet user looses one chance. With every right guess of alphabet, the alphabet is then shown at the correct position of its existence in the word, and makes it easier for the user to guess further alphabets in the word. If the user gets the right word in less than 10 wrong guess, he/she wins.
15. fizzbuzz.py : The program asks for user input and then checks if the number is divisible by either 3 or 5 or may be by both. If the number is divisible by 3, number is called "fizz". If the number is divisible by 5 then the number is called "buzz". In the case of divisibility by both the digits, It is called "fizzbuzz".
16. list_revlist.py: User enters a list and programs returns the reverse of that list as an output.